Fix keadm Setup and Initial kubeEdge doc. (#160)
kubeedge/website: content/en/docs/setup/keadm.md

1. At least one of kubeconfig or master must be configured correctly, so that it can be used to verify the version and other info of the k8s cluster.
1. Please make sure edge node can connect cloud node using local IP of cloud node, or you need to specify public IP of cloud node with `--advertise-address` flag.
1. `--advertise-address`(only work since 1.3 release) is the address exposed by the cloud side (will be added to the SANs of the CloudCore certificate), the default value is the local IP.

> 1. `--kubeedge-version` is setup the keadm download kubeEdge version, if you not setup it will download newest, kubeEdge release version can refer to [this](https://github.com/kubeedge/kubeedge/releases). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `--kubeedge-version` is the KubeEdge release version that keadm will install, the default value is the latest release, which you can refer to [releases](https://github.com/kubeedge/kubeedge/releases). 
```

Example:

```shell

> # keadm init --advertise-address="THE-EXPOSED-IP"(only work since 1.3 release) --kubeedge-version=1.7.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# keadm init --advertise-address="THE-EXPOSED-IP" --kubeedge-version="THE-KUBEEDGE-VERSION"
```

KubeEdge cloudcore is running, For logs visit:  /var/log/kubeedge/cloudcore.log
```

> Watch cloudcore Log

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View cloudcore log
```

`keadm join` will install edgecore and mqtt. It also provides a flag by which a specific version can be set.

**IMPORTANT NOTE:**
1. `--cloudcore-ipport` flag is a mandatory flag.
1. If you want to apply certificate for edge node automatically, `--token` is needed.

> 1. The kubeEdge version used in cloud and edge side should be same, and you can uses the `--kubeedge-version` to setup the kubeEdge in specify version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The kubeEdge version used in cloud and edge side should be same, and you can use `--kubeedge-version` to install a specific version of KubeEdge.
```

Example:

```shell

> # keadm join --cloudcore-ipport=192.168.20.50:10000 --token=27a37ef16159f7d3be8fae95d588b79b3adaaf92727b72659eb89758c66ffda2.eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJleHAiOjE1OTAyMTYwNzd9.JBj8LLYWXwbbvHKffJBpPd5CyxqapRQYDIXtFZErgYE --kubeedge-version=1.7.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# keadm join --cloudcore-ipport=192.168.20.50:10000 --token="YOUR_TOKEN" --kubeedge-version="YOUR-KUBEEDGE-VERSION"
```

KubeEdge edgecore is running, For logs visit:  /var/log/kubeedge/edgecore.log
```

#### Check the Edge Node Join Status
Check edge node ```edgecore.service``` status
```shell
# journalctl -u edgecore.service -b
```

- if you got the
  ```shell
  ...
  edgecore.service: Failed to execute command: No such file or directory
  edgecore.service: Failed at step EXEC spawning /usr/local/bin/edgecore: No such file or directory
  ...
  ```
    Copy the ```edgecore``` binary for ```edgecore.service```
    ```shell
    # cp /etc/kubeedge/edgecore /usr/local/bin

>     ```

Reviewer: This part should move to the FAQ doc, we can add a new file/content for it.

 # keadm reset --kube-config=$HOME/.kube/config
```

### Node
`keadm reset` will stop `edgecore` and it doesn't uninstall/remove any of the pre-requisites.

Full Clean Command:
1. if you want change cloud side and used the edge node join command, or command the ```service edgecore status``` got ```dial websocket error(x509: certificate signed by unknown authority```

  ```shell
  # rm -r /etc/kubeedge/ca
  # rm -r /etc/kubeedge/cert
  # rm -r /etc/kubeedge/config
  # rm -r /etc/kubeedge/edgecore.service
  ```
1. if you want change the kubeEdge edgecore version, add this command
  ```shell
  # rm /usr/local/bin/edgecore

>   ```

Reviewer: Also should move to the FAQ part.
